3D CAD Designer- job post
Technique Recruitment Solutions
4.7
4.7 out of 5 stars
Norwich
Up to £45,000 a year - Permanent, Full-time
Technique Recruitment Solutions
Norwich
Up to £45,000 a year
Job details
Here’s how the job details align with your profile.
Pay

Up to £45,000 a year
Job type

Permanent

Full-time
Shift and schedule

Monday to Friday
&nbsp;
Location
Norwich
&nbsp;
Benefits
Pulled from the full job description

Free parking
On-site parking
&nbsp;
Full job description
3D CAD Designer

This role involves working as a 3D CAD designer for a successful manufacturing business based near Norwich.
We offer a competitive salary and benefits package to the right candidate.

The position is full-time and located in Norwich, with regular working hours of Monday to Friday from 9:00am to 6:00pm.

However, due to seasonal variations, these hours can be subject to change.

Requirements:

The ideal candidate should have reliable transportation to the office base and hold a clean or nearly clean driving license.

In addition, they must have a go-getter attitude and be able to work well under pressure.

About the Role:

As a 3D CAD designer, you will be responsible for creating high-quality designs for various products using CAD software.

You will work closely with other teams to ensure that your designs meet the required specifications and are implemented efficiently.

Your Key Responsibilities:

1. Design and develop 3D models using CAD software.

2. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to create product designs that meet customer needs.

3. Ensure all designs adhere to company standards and quality requirements.

4. Work effectively under pressure to meet deadlines.

What We Offer:

We offer a competitive salary and benefits package to the right candidate.

Please note this client cannot offer VISA sponsorship at this time, only candidates with full Right to Work in the UK and relevant experience will be considered.

Technique-Recruitment Solutions Ltd is a proud equal opportunities employer, dedicated and specialist to the engineering and manufacturing industries. We work and support some of the most well-known companies in Norfolk and Suffolk. These vacancies are being advertised on behalf of Technique-Recruitment Solutions Ltd who are operating as an employment business and employment agency.

IND2

Job Types: Full-time, Permanent

Pay: Up to £45,000.00 per year

Benefits:

Free parking
On-site parking
Ability to commute/relocate:

Norwich, Norfolk: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)
Experience:

3D CAD: 1 year (required)
AutoCAD: 1 year (required)
Work authorisation:

United Kingdom (required)
Location:

Norwich, Norfolk (required)
Work Location: In person